gui/liquids: add river sources, setting/adding/removing from liquid levels, and cleaning flags (#574)
DFHack/scripts: changelog.txt

- `gui/quickfort`: don't close the window when applying a blueprint so players can apply the same blueprint multiple times more easily
- `locate-ore`: now only searches revealed tiles by default
- `unforbid`: does not unforbid unreachable items by default anymore.

> - `modtools/spawn-liquid`: resets temperature to "normal" levels, when spawning water or magma

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `modtools/spawn-liquid`: sets tile temperature to stable levels when spawning water or magma
```
